suit: Configure SUIT versioning through VERSION file (#16900)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.8.rst

    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,53,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,4`` to indicate ``RAI_ONGOING``.
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,54,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,5`` to indicate ``RAI_WAIT_MORE``.

SUIT DFU for nRF54H20
---------------------

.. toggle::

>   * The manifest sequence number is no longer configured through sysbuild Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The manifest sequence number is no longer configured through a :ref:`sysbuild <configuring_sysbuild>` Kconfig option.
```

>     The values are now read from the ``VERSION`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The values are now read from the :file:`VERSION` file, used for :ref:`zephyr:app-version-details` in Zephyr and the |NCS|.
```

>     Note that this change requires updates in non-default, customized SUIT templates:

Reviewer: I don't fully understand this sentence: do we really need to specify "non-default, customized"?
```suggestion
    This change to :file:`VERSION` requires the following updates in the SUIT templates for your project:
```

Author: We need something else here. Another sentence proposed.

       * Remove from all templates:

>          .. code-block:: YAML
> 
>           suit-manifest-sequence-number: {{ sysbuild['config']['SB_CONFIG_SUIT_ENVELOPE_SEQUENCE_NUM'] }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .. code-block:: YAML

            suit-manifest-sequence-number: {{ sysbuild['config']['SB_CONFIG_SUIT_ENVELOPE_SEQUENCE_NUM'] }}
```

>        * Add the line that corresponds to the manifest name, i.e. ``app_root_seq_num`` for the application root manifest:

Reviewer: No latinisms allowed.
```suggestion
       * Add the line that corresponds to the manifest name, that is ``app_root_seq_num`` for the application root manifest:
```

>          .. code-block:: YAML
> 
>           suit-manifest-sequence-number: {{ app_root_seq_num }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .. code-block:: YAML

            suit-manifest-sequence-number: {{ app_root_seq_num }}
```

>     If the value of sequence number was changed in your application, append the following line to the ``VERSION`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the value of the sequence number was changed in your application, append the following line to the :file:`VERSION` file:
```
